## PromptAI

### Overview
This project is a prompt sharing website built using the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) stack. It enables users to create and share prompts suitable for AI tools like ChatGPT. The website provide you a central hub for using different AI Chatbot at a single place. The website includes authentication using JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for secure prompt creation and sharing.

### Features
 - Prompt Creation: Users can create and customize prompts for AI tools.
 - Prompt Copying and Sharing: Users can easily copy prompts generated by others and share them for use in AI applications.
 - Authentication: Secure user authentication using JWT for prompt creation and management.
 - Responsive Design: Tailwind CSS and React Icons are used for styling, ensuring a responsive and visually appealing user interface.
 - Multiple AI-Chatbot: Use different AI chatbot at one place like ChatGPT, DALL-E, NotionAI etc.
 - Email verification is added to verify the users.

### Technologies Used
 - Frontend: React.js, Tailwind CSS, React Icons
 - Backend: Node.js, Express.js, Nodemailer
 - Database: MongoDB
 - Authentication: JWT (JSON Web Tokens)

### Getting Started
#### Prerequisites
 - Node.js and npm installed on your machine.
 - MongoDB server running locally or a MongoDB Atlas account.

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ashwaniMaddheshiya/PromptAI.git
   ```
2. Install Dependencies:
   ```bash
   cd client && npm install
   cd ../server && npm install
   ```
3. Set up environment variables:
   Create a '.env' file in the 'server' directory with the following content:
    ```bash
    MONGO_URI=your_mongodb_connection_string
    JWT_SECRET=your_jwt_secret_key
    EMAIL_USER=your_gmail_id
    EMAIL_PASSWORD=your_gmail_app_password
    OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openAPI_key
    BASE_URL=your_frontend_url
    ```
4. Run the application:
   ```bash
     //In the server directory
     node app.js
    // In the client directory
     npm start
   ```
5. The application will be accessible at 'http://localhost:3000.'
